[Device capabilities][1797963][People picker control] (#3449)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/device-capabilities/device-capabilities-overview.md

* Scan QR or barcode using [scanner control](qr-barcode-scanner-capability.md).
* Record audio through microphone.
* Share location using [location picker](location-capability.md).

> Also, you can enhance the web app experience with Teams platform by integrating [people picker control](people-picker-control-capability.md) to search and pick people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can integrate the Teams' native [people picker control](people-picker-capability.md) that lets users search and select people in the web app experience.
```
